Add Cloud guide (#5582)
edgedb/edgedb: docs/guides/cloud.rst

allowing you to name your instance and specify the version of EdgeDB and the
region for the instance.

Once the instance has been created, you'll see the instance dashboard which
allows you to monitor your instance, navigate to the database management page,
and create secret keys.

You'll also see instructions in the bottom-right for linking your EdgeDB CLI to
your EdgeDB Cloud account. You do this by running the CLI command ``edgedb
cloud login``. This will make all of your EdgeDB Cloud instances accessible via
the CLI. You can manage them just as you would other remote EdgeDB instances.

If you want to manage your database, click through on its name from the top
right of the instance dashboard. If you just created your database, the
database management view will be mostly empty except for a button offering to
create a sample database. Once you have a schema created and some data in a
database, this view will offer you similar tools to those in our new 3.0 local
UI.

You'll be able to access a REPL, edit complex queries or build them
graphically, inspect your schema, and browse your data.

Find bugs? Have Questions?
==========================

> Thank you for helping us make the best way to host your EdgeDB instances even
> better! Please join us on `our Discord <https://discord.gg/umUueND6ag>`_  or
> email us at `support@edgedb.com <mailto:support@edgedb.com>`_ to ask questions
> and report any bugs you find.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thank you for helping us make the best way to host your EdgeDB instances even
better! Please join us on `our Discord <https://discord.gg/umUueND6ag>`_ to ask questions. Report any bugs you find at https://edgedb.com/p/cloud-support.
```

(please make it a proper hyperlink; I'm deploying the site now for this URL to become active)

.. _ref_guide_cloud:

============
EdgeDB Cloud
============

:edb-alt-title: Using EdgeDB Cloud (Beta)

.. warning::

    EdgeDB Cloud is currently in beta. This guide will not work unless you have
    access. To request access, click the "Join Cloud Waitlist" button below or
    join `our Discord <https://discord.gg/umUueND6ag>`_ and request access
    there.

.. raw:: html

>     <a class="pageNav_promoLink__OSucb" href="/p/cloud-waitlist"

Author: Makes sense, @jaclarke. I'm open to either. Maybe a global class is simpler?

>     <a class="pageNav_promoLink__OSucb" href="/p/cloud-waitlist"

Author: Actually, I don't think the button makes sense in this context. For one, there's another copy of the same button just in the navigation bar which is really close to this one. Two, the warning paragraph above it talks about the button and tells you to click it below. I feel like it makes more sense to just have a clickable link inline in that warning paragraph instead. I think @1st1 wanted the button here, but seeing it in place, I'm not sure it works that well in this context.

Maybe we would still want to be able to place those buttons in other places, so the component or global class might be useful, but I don't think they're necessary for this guide.

>     <a class="pageNav_promoLink__OSucb" href="/p/cloud-waitlist"

Reviewer 2: https://github.com/edgedb/edgedb.com/pull/622

With that PR this should work:
```
.. raw:: html

    <a class="promoLink" href="/p/cloud-waitlist">
      <span>Join Cloud Waitlist</span>
    </a>
```

interface.

CLI Cloud Interface
===================

To use Cloud via the CLI, first log in using :ref:`ref_cli_edgedb_cloud_login`.
Once your login is successful, you will be able to create an instance using
either :ref:`ref_cli_edgedb_instance_create` or
:ref:`ref_cli_edgedb_project_init`, depending on whether you also want to
create a local project linked to your instance.

In either case, you will pass an instance name matching the EdgeDB Cloud
instance name format: ``<github-username>/<instance-name>``

To use ``edgedb instance create``:

.. code-block:: bash

    $ edgedb instance create <github-username>/<instance-name>

To use ``edgedb project init``:

.. code-block:: bash

    $ edgedb project init \
      --server-instance <github-username>/<instance-name>

Alternatively, you can run ``edgedb project init`` *without* the
``--server-instance`` option and enter an instance name in the
``<github-username>/<instance-name>`` format when prompted interactively.

Web Cloud Interface
===================

If you'd prefer, you can also manage your account via `the EdgeDB Cloud
web-based GUI <https://cloud.edgedb.com/>`_.

> The first time you access the web UI, you will be prompted to log in.

Reviewer: Devon, we're going to be rapidly iterating the cloud UI. Let's drop the screenshots entirely.

right of the instance dashboard. If you just created your database, the
database management view will be mostly empty except for a button offering to
create a sample database. Once you have a schema created and some data in a
database, this view will offer you similar tools to those in our new 3.0 local
UI.

.. image:: images/cloud/5-database-dashboard.png
    :width: 100%
    :alt: A screenshot of the EdgeDB Cloud database dashboard

You'll be able to access a REPL, edit complex queries or build them
graphically, inspect your schema, and browse your data.

.. image:: images/cloud/6-repl.png
    :width: 100%
    :alt: A screenshot of the EdgeDB Cloud REPL

.. image:: images/cloud/7-query-editor.png
    :width: 100%
    :alt: A screenshot of the EdgeDB Cloud query editor

.. image:: images/cloud/8-schema.png
    :width: 100%
    :alt: A screenshot of the EdgeDB Cloud schema viewer

.. image:: images/cloud/9-data-explorer.png
    :width: 100%
    :alt: A screenshot of the EdgeDB Cloud data explorer

Find bugs? Have Questions?
==========================

Thank you for helping us make the best way to host your EdgeDB instances even

> better! Please join us on `our Discord <https://discord.gg/umUueND6ag>`_ to ask

Reviewer: or email us at support@edgedb.com

.. _ref_guide_cloud:

============
EdgeDB Cloud
============

:edb-alt-title: Using EdgeDB Cloud (Beta)

.. warning::

    EdgeDB Cloud is currently in beta. This guide will not work unless you have
    access. To request access, click the "Join Cloud Waitlist" button below or
    join `our Discord <https://discord.gg/umUueND6ag>`_ and request access
    there.

.. raw:: html

    <a class="pageNav_promoLink__OSucb" href="/p/cloud-waitlist"
      style="width:152px;margin-left:0;text-align:center;">
      <span>Join Cloud Waitlist</span>
    </a>

EdgeDB Cloud is the easiest way to host your EdgeDB instance. You have two

> options for interfacing with EdgeDB Cloud: via our CLI or through a graphical

Author: Good call! Changed this to "We offer two ways to interact with EdgeDB Cloud: via our CLI or through a graphical web interface."

> options for interfacing with EdgeDB Cloud: via our CLI or through a graphical

Reviewer: Maybe

> You can use EdgeDB Cloud via our `edgedb` command-line tool and/or through a web interface at https://cloud.edgedb.com.

web interface.

CLI Cloud Interface
===================

To use Cloud via the CLI, first log in using :ref:`ref_cli_edgedb_cloud_login`.
Once your login is successful, you will be able to create an instance using
either :ref:`ref_cli_edgedb_instance_create` or
:ref:`ref_cli_edgedb_project_init`, depending on whether you also want to
create a local project linked to your instance.

In either case, you will pass an instance name matching the EdgeDB Cloud

> instance name format: ``<github-username>/<instance-name>``

Reviewer 3: we should document the instance name requirements somewhere, see https://github.com/edgedb/shared-client-testcases/pull/27 for the canonical list

Reviewer: * instance names cannot start with a dash `-` or contain double dashes `--`
* only latin alpha-numeric characters, `_`, or `-`
* maximum instance name length is 61 characters minus the length of your GitHub username

Reviewer: Devon, we're going to be rapidly iterating the cloud UI. Let's drop the screenshots entirely.

Author: @1st1 Based on my read of @fantix's notes and the test cases in the [PR](https://github.com/edgedb/shared-client-testcases/pull/27) @zackelan referenced, it looks like underscore is also now disallowed. Can someone confirm or deny?
